God forbid a woman wants a real provider
man. Not a boy who wants to split the
bill, not a man who needs 50/50 to feel
equal, but a man who protects, who
leads, who provides without weaponizing
it. The moment a woman says, "I want to
feel safe, I want to be provided for, I
want to receive," everyone calls her a
gold digger. But let me ask you this.
Since when did women's standards become
a crime? Hi guys and welcome back to my
channel. My name is Mikaila and today we
are going to talk about the differences
between a real provider man and a fake
provider man because you deserve to be
with a man not with a boy. First of all
I want you to understand that true
provider men are secure. They are secure
in themselves and only insecure men are
either fake provider men or not provider
men at all. And that's also where
immaturity comes into play. A man that
is mature would never ask a woman what
you bring to the table. He would ask the
woman what she needs, what can he
provide for her to feel better, to have
a better life. That's the mindset of a
mature, healthy masculine man. Only
insecure men would ever accuse a woman
of being a gold digger or asking her
what she is bringing to the table. The
word gold digger itself was created by a
man because he was in fear of woman
taking something away from him. But if
he would be a mature provider man, he
would not be in fear that this woman is
taking something from him because he
would do everything possible for her to
stay with him. He wants her to be well
taken care of physically, financially,
mentally, and spiritually. So she
wouldn't even want to leave him. You as
a woman are the table. And the man's
purpose in your life is to bring things
to the table. He brings finances,
emotional security, clarity, spiritual
guidance. He brings everything to the
table to lead the relationship for you
to follow his lead. He would never ask
what can I take, but how can I give? For
you to be able to follow a man's lead,
you need to feel safe. And feeling safe
has so much to do with money and so much
to do with everything else. You need to
be led not only financially, you need to
be led emotionally, spiritually,
physically. You need to be in a position
to feel so safe that you would literally
be able to close your eyes and say, "I
trust your lead. Whatever you are doing,
whatever you're saying, I'm trusting
your lead. Yeah, but what if he's
leading me towards the hell? What if
he's leading me the wrong way? What if
his lead is ending up in a bad place?
That's your sign. This is not a man that
you can ever trust to let him lead you
down the line. A fake provider man is
always an immature man. And there are so
many ways how you can recognize an
immature man very early on so that you
can prevent to waste your time. First of
all, man child behaviors. An immature
fake provider man is never taking
responsibility for things going wrong.
For example, he's driving the car not
very smoothly. He's breaking abruptly.
And instead of him taking responsibility
of his behavior and what is in his
control, for example, he would adjust
his driving tone, he would be more
attentive. An immature man would always
blame everyone else. He would say, "Oh
no, why is this guy breaking in front of
me? Oh, people are driving crazy today.
This motorcycle brings us in danger." An
immature man would always blame his
surroundings or other people for
whatever happens. And even though other
people can be the reason for something
bad happening, a mature man would always
take the responsibility. He feels pride
in taking responsibility and he knows
everything that is in his
responsibility. He's also in control.
When he's giving you hints that he's
blaming others for his behavior, for
what is happening in his reality, he's
also telling you down the line that you
cannot be safe with him because he is
not in control. You want to be with a
man that you know he's in control of
what's happening. And even when bad
things are happening, he knows it's his
responsibility and he shows you, hey,
it's my responsibility to act
accordingly for you to feel safe around
me. An immature man is also refusing all
kind of emotions, especially the bad
ones. He doesn't initiate uncomfortable
conversations. He doesn't talk and
initiate repair when things have gone
wrong. he would immediately shut down
once you're trying to initiate the
conversation. Once you're trying to
share your emotions, once you're trying
to share what's going on or how worried
you are, he is the one who is shutting
down. A mature provider man knows his
responsibility in providing for you
emotionally and he would always initiate
a conversation with you. He would
initiate a conversation that is hard to
talk about. He would initiate repair of
the relationship when he has broken
trust. Many men, especially the fake
provider men, think when they can
provide financially, their job is done.
But that's not the case. You need a man
who can come to you and say, "Hey, I
have seen you being off. I experienced
there is distance between us. Is there
something wrong? Is there something we
can repair? He would initiate those
uncomfortable conversations. He would
not just brush it down the rug and wait
for it to disappear because he's mature
enough and understands every emotion
that he's brushing down the rug will
come up eventually. And I'm pretty sure
I will get comments saying, "Yeah, but
what do women then bring to the table? A
woman is not doing anything. A woman is
bringing her softness, her love, her
attention, and her energy into the
relationship. Even though men do like
it's nothing, they live off a woman's
energy. They live off a woman's
attention. Men are literally like
attention horse. And they seek the
attention from women way more than women
do from men. Women don't need a man's
attention. a secure woman who wants to
have a family, a husband. She's looking
for a man who can give her provision so
she can give him, reward him with
submission, with her attention. And
because those immature fake provider men
know exactly all they can provide for
you is materialistic stuff. And if they
have enough money, of course, in a
financial way. The thing is there is
always a string attached to it and then
at the end of the day they will come to
you and say hey I did this this this
this for you. You owe me your body, your
time. You owe me your everything. You
cannot have boundaries. You cannot have
standards and you have to do everything
I say because I provide for you
financially. He's doing that because
he's insecure and he's scared that he
will lose you. He's scared that you are
a gold digger and you finally know your
worth and you will leave him once you
realize, oh, he has nothing to offer
that really truly makes me feel safe
next to him. The only thing he has to
offer is finances. But once you are on
your own two feet and you have your
finances stable, would you still stay
with this man? You wouldn't ask yourself
if you would have all the money in the
world, would you stay with this man?
Deep down, he doesn't trust his own
ability to lead. And that's why these
men are almost mocking women for wanting
more, for wanting a man who can give
them what they want. We're not asking
men to fly to Mars. We are not asking
men to make them grow wings and fly like
a bird. No. What we are asking men is to
feel safe around them and to feel safe
to let them lead us. In order for us
women to feel safe to be led by a man,
they need to provide emotionally,
financially, physically and spiritually.
Now again, these things are not
something supernatural. They are very
very basic things and of course men do
know that and men who cannot provide
that and also do not want to step up to
be able to provide that. Of course they
are trying to mock women who have
standards. Of course they are trying to
make women smaller and compose them in
order for them not having to step up and
still getting access to a woman. Only
insecure men can confuse basic providing
with them being used. How can a woman
they want to build a life with use them?
It doesn't even make sense. Because if
you as a man plan to stay the rest of
your life with this woman, why you
wouldn't invest energy and money into
this woman? Men don't have problems to
invest time, money, energy in businesses
that 50% of them fail. But they have a
problem with investing the same amount
of money, energy, and time into a woman
who will literally make him more
wealthy, wealthy, successful, and make
life bring him more blessings. Recently,
I overheard a conversation of two men
who were talking about their
relationship problems and struggles. And
one of these guys, he said, "I know this
woman would make me a billionaire
because I'm really bouncing off her
energy. I'm really feeding off her
energy and I know she will make me a
billionaire." And then the other guy was
asking him, "Yeah, that's great, but
what's the problem?" And then he says,
"Because she wants more. She wants
security. She wants to feel safe. She
wants to be provided. I wanted to turn
around and tell him, "Honestly, if you
know that this woman makes you more
rich, what makes you stop to give her
the life she wants for her to feel even
better and then you are going to be more
wealthy?" All I heard from this man was
things like, "He wouldn't want to do
that because he doesn't want her to feel
entitled. He doesn't want to be used. He
doesn't want to give her things that she
hasn't earned herself. Poor man. Really,
he is a poor man because he's so
insecure in himself that he's blocking
his own blessings. But bless him,
minimum, he is aware of what a woman can
do in his life. He simply needs to step
up. Now, the question is, what does real
provision look like? A real provider man
provides for you financially without
keeping the score. Whatever you need, he
wants to provide it for you. If he has
it, why he wouldn't want to give it to
you? He provides also emotionally. He
listen. He holds space and protects your
softness. He knows that you need to feel
safe around him and he knows also what
it takes for you to feel safe. Another
very important part that not many people
are actually talking about is the
spiritual provision. A true provider man
is always moving with values. He is
either connected to God or any other
form of spiritual connection. He knows
it's wrong to lie. He knows it's wrong
to cheat. He knows it's wrong to hit a
woman. He knows it's wrong to scream or
insult a woman. How would you ever be
able to feel safe around a man who keeps
insulting you, who keeps using your
softness against you in moments of a
fight, in moments of high emotions,
especially in moments of difficulties,
in moments of disagreements. This man
needs to have values and only these
values will keep him in check to not
hurt you. Real provision will always
feel like peace, like leadership and
clarity. And a man, a real provider man
would never ask you as a woman what you
bring to the table because he doesn't
want you to perform for him. He sees the
value in you as a woman being with him.
He sees the value in your attention. He
sees the value in your true love. If you
encounter a man who is trying to
weaponize your standards against you, is
trying to make you feel bad and calling
you a gold digger or asking you what you
bring to the table. Always remind
yourself, that gold digger is a label
that insecure men use to shame feminine
woman for having standards. This is
rarely about you, but about his fear of
being inadequate for you. Men who ask
you what you bring to the table, men who
call you a gold digger, they usually do
this because they know they can bring
nothing to this relationship. They
cannot provide. That's why they are
covering it up in expectations from
them. So you wouldn't even start to
think about what's missing in him. You
can even ask him why he is so triggered
by the idea of giving. So being a real
provider man is not just about money.
Right man gives you in every way
possible not because you demand it
because that's his mentality. That's his
mindset. He's the one who wants to make
you feel safe to feel who wants to make
you feel seen. He has integrity
direction vision and he wants you to
feel divinely guided by him. He's also
mentally providing for you. He is
challenging you. He's pushing you for
your growth. He's pushing you to be the
best version of yourself without
demanding it. He's inspiring you by him
being the best version of himself, you
wanting to be the best version of
yourself. He respects your intellect and
holds space for your emotions, for your
softness, for everything you bring. Now
if you are already with a man and you
realized in your way of growing and
becoming the best version of yourself,
oh maybe this man is not mature and you
realized your man is not a real
provider. What you can do is to first of
all step back. Step back and do less.
He's probably not providing because he's
used to you providing, you doing most of
the things. So, I want you to step back.
Stop initiating conversations. Stop
mothering him. Stop cooking for him.
Stop putting all your energy into this
man and see what is happening. Is he
initiating a conversation? Is he wanting
to repair? Is he even trying to
understand that there is some damage in
your relationship? Sometimes it's us
women that we don't let our men step up.
We are so used to overgiving and
overdoing to proving and achieving that
we made our men too comfortable. So when
you are stepping back and putting all
your energy and attention back into you
instead of him, if he is a real man and
not a complete immature boy, he's going
to step up. He's going to fill the space
that you create. And when he doesn't,
you have to let him go. Not because you
want to punish him, but because you want
to protect your divine path. You want to
protect your peace. When you start to
embody your feminine energy, your
feminine presence, a real man would feel
the purpose in that. A real man would
feel he wants to step up because he sees
my woman is feminine. I want to provide.
I want to protect. I want to give her. I
want to be the best version of myself
for her to feel safe staying in her
feminine softness. While the wrong men
would feel pressured by that, the wrong
men would start argumenting with you,
would start wanting from you more, would
start blaming you and wanting you to
repair the relationship, wanting you to
take the lead of the relationship. Once
you as the woman in the relationship
start to relax your control and start to
sit back and start to create that space
that he is stepping up, it is possible
that this is changing everything. Put in
your mind or even tell him take the lead
and I will trust and follow. You will
very quickly see where this is leading
you. if he's leading you to a
successful, loving, powerful couple,
relationship, marriage, or he's leading
you downwards. And when you see he's
leading you downwards, you have to go.
You have to let go of a boy. Anyways,
guys, thank you so much for watching. I
love you so, so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.